# generator-ngdoc

This is a Yeoman generator for documentation of AngularJS modules.

This generator scaffolds:

+ gulp tasks to process ngDoc annotations in your JavaScript codes
+ a WebApp like AngularJS document's site

## Why?
As the originator, I want to write documents of my AngualrJS module in ngDoc notation and to publish them as a web application.

## Demo site
[Here](https://quramy.github.io/example-of-generator-ngdoc/index.html Here) is a demo site generated with this generator. 

## Usage

To install yeoman and generator-dgeni from npm, run:

```bash
npm install -g yo generator-ngdoc
```

Create a project directory and change the current directory.

```bash
mkdir my-anguar-module
cd my-angular-module
```

Initiate the generator:

```bash
yo ngdoc
```

Change the current to `docs` directory:

```bash
cd docs
```

Run gulp task:

```
gulp docs:serve
```

A web application of documentation starts in your browser.

### I already have a module project?
This generator is designed for adding on existing project.

Almost all of the files are created under only `docs` directory (see also directory structure).

If you has a project whose name `your-module` which was generated by other generator(e.g. generator-gulp-angular):

```bash
cd your-module
yo ngdoc
cd docs
gulp docs:serve
```

If necessary, you can modify the settings for the location of source files.
By default, the gulp task searchs source files from `src/**/*.js`

+ `docs/gulp/dgeni.js`

```js
    var dgeni = new Dgeni([require('../config/')
      .config(function (readFilesProcessor, writeFilesProcessor) {
        //
        
        // Specify collections of source files that should contain the documentation to extract
        readFilesProcessor.sourceFiles = [{include: 'src/**/*.js', basePath: 'src'}, {include: 'docs/content/**/*.ngdoc',basePath: 'docs/content'}];

        //
      })
      :
```


### Gulp Tasks
You should gulp tasks generated by `generator-ngdoc` in 'docs' directory.

```bash
cd docs
```

#### `docs:serve`
Generate ngdoc and run document application on Node.js server.

```bash
gulp docs:serve
```

This task wathes your JavaScript source files.
If you modify these files, re-generate ngdocs and reload browser.

#### `docs:build`
Build document application package, and place in directory 'docs/dist'

```bash
gulp docs:build
```

#### `docs:serve:dist`
Run document application package created by `docs:build` task on Node.js server.

```bash
gulp docs:serve:dist
```

## License

MIT
